Added eventing tutorials to docs (#14706)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/03-tutorials/00-eventing/evnt-01-send-legacy-events.md

cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
  apiVersion: serverless.kyma-project.io/v1alpha1
  kind: Function
  metadata:
    labels:
      serverless.kyma-project.io/build-resources-preset: local-dev
      serverless.kyma-project.io/function-resources-preset: S
      serverless.kyma-project.io/replicas-preset: S
    name: lastorder
    namespace: default
  spec:
    deps: '{ "dependencies": {}}'
    maxReplicas: 1
    minReplicas: 1
    source: |
      module.exports = {
        main: async function (event, context) {
          console.log("Received event:", event.data);
          return; 
        } 
      }
EOF
```

If the resources were created successfully, the command returns this message:

```bash
function.serverless.kyma-project.io/lastorder created
```

To check the Function status, run:

```bash
kubectl get functions -n default lastorder
```

> **NOTE:** You might need to wait a few seconds for the Function to be ready.

  </details>
</div>

## Create a Subscription

Next, to subscribe to events, we need a [Subscription](../../05-technical-reference/00-custom-resources/evnt-01-subscription.md) custom resource. We're going to subscribe to events of the type `order.received.v1`.

> All the published events of this type are then forwarded to an HTTP endpoint called `Sink`. You can define this endpoint in the Subscription's spec.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the published events of this type are then forwarded to an HTTP endpoint. This endpoint must be configured using the `Sink` attribute in the Subscription's spec. 
```

Author: Removed this line, because its already explained in the getting-started guide and also in the subscription CRD doc. It was getting repeated in all the tutorials.

<div tabs name="Create a Subscription" group="trigger-workload">
  <details open>
  <summary label="Kyma Dashboard">
  Kyma Dashboard
  </summary>

1. In Kyma Dashboard, go to the view of your Function `lastorder`.
2. Go to **Configuration** > **Create Subscription+**.
3. Provide the following parameters:
   - **Subscription name**: `lastorder-sub`
   - **Application name**: `myapp`
   - **Event name**: `order.received`
   - **Event version**: `v1`

   - **Event type** is generated automatically. For this example, it's `sap.kyma.custom.myapp.order.received.v1`.

4. Click **Create**.
5. Wait a few seconds for the Subscription to have status `READY`.

  </details>
  <details>
  <summary label="kubectl">
  kubectl
  </summary>

Run:
```bash
cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
   apiVersion: eventing.kyma-project.io/v1alpha1
   kind: Subscription
   metadata:
     name: lastorder-sub
     namespace: default
   spec:

>      filter:
>        filters:
>        - eventSource:
>            property: source
>            type: exact
>            value: ""
>          eventType:
>            property: type
>            type: exact
>            value: sap.kyma.custom.myapp.order.received.v1
>      sink: http://lastorder.default.svc.cluster.local

Reviewer: (major nit): to keep the order consistent across our tutorials
```suggestion
     sink: http://lastorder.default.svc.cluster.local
     filter:
       filters:
       - eventSource:
           property: source
           type: exact
           value: ""
         eventType:
           property: type
           type: exact
           value: sap.kyma.custom.myapp.order.received.v1
```

EOF
```

To check that the Subscription was created and is ready, run:
```bash
kubectl get subscriptions lastorder-sub -o=jsonpath="{.status.ready}"
```

The operation was successful if the returned status says `true`.

  </details>
</div>

## Publish a legacy event to trigger the workload

> We created the `lastorder` Function, and subscribed to the `order.received.v1` events by creating a Subscription CR. Now it's time to send an event and trigger the Function. In this example, we'll port-forward the Kyma Eventing Service to localhost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We created the `lastorder` Function, and subscribed to the `order.received.v1` events by creating a Subscription CR. Now it's time to send an event and trigger the Function. In this example, we'll port-forward the Kyma Eventing Publishing Service to localhost.
```
Should we call this `Kyma Eventing Publishing Service`? Our component has multiple services and imho we should encode part of the functionality in the Terms that we use. I hope this would make it easier to understand for our users.
Once we decided a name we should put it in a glossar in our documentation ...

Author: Then let's use the actual `Eventing Publisher Proxy Service`

Reviewer: 👍
